I am calling to conduct the pre-cas interview, We will be asking you a few questions regarding your course and your intentions of studying in the uk



Please start by introducing yourself.

What's the course you have applied for.      and what have you studied prior
What is the full name of your course?
What is the duration of the course?
When is the start date for your course?
What is the tuition fee for your program?
Is your course part-time or full-time?

Why did you apply for this course and how does it relate to your academic background


What comes to mind career-wise when you think of [name of the course], and what opportunities could this course potentially open up for you?

Could you elaborate more about your work experience

Why did you choose to study in the UK?
Why did you select Bolton University specifically?

Are you planning to work while studying in the UK? 
Are you aware of the number of working hours you are allowed while studying? 20 hours a week
How do you plan to balance between your academic and work responsibilities
Who will be sponsoring you during your stay in the UK?

Have you ever traveled outside your home country?
Have you ever experienced a visa refusal? - yes 


Have you gone through your course modules?
Could you list 3 of them and which one of them interests you the most



+++So I think i have gone through all my question and I am satisfied with the answers you have provided therefore congratulations you have passed your pre-cas interview, 

Just give me a second to double check your cas documents.

--- So I think i have gone through all my question and the outcome of this interview will be sent to you on a later date.

so i will be sending an e-mail to your bank to verify the authenticity of the bank statement you have provided, This step usually delays the process of cas issuance, Therefore it would be great if you can give a quick call to your bank telling them to answer the e-mails coming from our side so we can prevent any unnecessary delays.


Thank you so much for attendance, Do you have any questions for me ?